Create ui-c8y-1021-78-0-added-option-for-dpg-and-data-explorer-to-limit-decimal-places.md (#3419)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-78-0-added-option-for-dpg-and-data-explorer-to-limit-decimal-places.md

---
date: ""

> title: It is now possible to limit decimal places for the data point graph and data point explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: It is now possible to limit decimal places for the **new** data point graph and data point explorer.
```

> title: It is now possible to limit decimal places for the **new** data point graph and data point explorer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: New option for limiting the number of decimal places in data point graph and data explorer
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63149
version: 1021.78.0
---

> For the new data point graph and data explorer which can be enabled via the feature preview a new configuration option has been added that allows for limiting the number of decimal places. Users can now set a maximum number of decimal places, making it easier to interpret measurement values at a glance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the new data point graph and data explorer, which can be enabled via the preview feature toggle, a new configuration option has been added that allows for limiting the number of decimal places. Users can now set a maximum number of decimal places, making it easier to interpret measurement values at a glance.
```

> Previously, data point graphs and the data explorer displayed all available decimal places for measurement values, which could lead to reduced readability. To address this, a new configuration option has been added that allows for limiting the number of decimal places displayed in data point graphs and the data explorer. Users can now set a maximum number of decimal places, making it easier to interpret measurement values at a glance.

Reviewer 2: @eniosultan We must probably somehow add here that this refers to the new data point widget and data explorer? Is this also only available as public preview then?

Reviewer: Updated the text to describe that this is available only for the new widget

> Previously, data point graphs and the data explorer displayed all available decimal places for measurement values, which could lead to reduced readability. To address this, a new configuration option has been added that allows for limiting the number of decimal places displayed in data point graphs and the data explorer. Users can now set a maximum number of decimal places, making it easier to interpret measurement values at a glance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the new data point graph and data explorer which can be enabled via the feature preview a new configuration option has been added that allows for limiting the number of decimal places. Users can now set a maximum number of decimal places, making it easier to interpret measurement values at a glance.
```

> Context: Previously, data point graphs and the data explorer displayed all available decimal places for measurement values, which could lead to reduced readability. New configuration option has been added to limit the number of decimal places displayed in data point graphs and the data explorer. Users can now improve the readability of data visualizations by setting a maximum number of decimal places to display, making it easier to interpret measurement values at a glance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, data point graphs and the data explorer displayed all available decimal places for measurement values, which could lead to reduced readability. To address this, a new configuration option has been added that allows for limiting the number of decimal places displayed in data point graphs and the data explorer. Users can now set a maximum number of decimal places, making it easier to interpret measurement values at a glance.
```

> Context: Previously, data point graphs and the data explorer displayed all available decimal places for measurement values, which could lead to reduced readability. Change: A new configuration option has been added to limit the number of decimal places displayed in data point graphs and the data explorer. Impact: Users can now improve the readability of data visualizations by setting a maximum number of decimal places to display, making it easier to interpret measurement values at a glance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Context: Previously, data point graphs and the data explorer displayed all available decimal places for measurement values, which could lead to reduced readability. New configuration option has been added to limit the number of decimal places displayed in data point graphs and the data explorer. Users can now improve the readability of data visualizations by setting a maximum number of decimal places to display, making it easier to interpret measurement values at a glance.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Added option for dpg and data explorer to limit decimal places (#8981) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#9284)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: It is now possible to limit decimal places for the data point graph and data point explorer.
